----------- IMPORTANT LINKS -----------
https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials
---------------------------------------

git init
The command sets up all the tools Git needs to begin tracking changes made to the project.
Initialize an empty git repository in working directory.

git status
The command displays the state of the working directory and the staging area.
It lets you see which changes have been staged, which haven’t, and which files aren’t being tracked by Git.

git add FILE or DIRECTORY
The command adds a change in the working directory to the staging area.
It tells Git that you want to include updates to a particular file in the next commit.

git diff FILE or DIRECTORY
The command shows the difference between the working directory and the staging area.

git commit -m "MESSAGE"
The command permanently stores file changes from the staging area in the repository.

git log
The command shows a list of all previous commits.

Backtracking
git checkout HEAD filename	Discards changes in the working directory.
git reset HEAD filename		Unstages file changes in the staging area.
git reset COMMIT_SHA		Resets to a previous commit in your commit history.

git branch
Lists all a Git project's branches.

git branch NEW_BRANCH
Creates new branch.

git checkout BRANCH_NAME
Switching between branches.

git merge BRANCH_NAME
Updating branch which you are currently on to BRANCH_NAME.
- The merge is "fast forward" when Git recognizes that BRANCH_NAME contains the most recent commit.
  Git fast forwards master to be up to date with BRANCH_NAME.
- Fixing merge conflicts.

git branch -d BRANCH_NAME
Deletes the branch specified.

git clone REMOTE_LOCATION CLONE_NAME
Clone a repository from REMOTE_LOCATION into a new directory CLONE_NAME.

git remote -v
Lists a Git project's remotes.

git fetch
Fetches work from the remote into the local copy.

git merge origin/master
Merges origin/master into your local branch.

git push origin BRANCH_NAME
Pushes a local branch to the origin remote.

